Dashboard 1
1).  Load csv data: Customer Table, DrugLookup, Fact Table. 
2). transfromation of first name and last name to a merge column column as full name. 
3). Check the formats of all table 
4). Remove the extra content by deleting 
5). Save and apply the data and load it on power bi. 
6). check the relationship in data 
7). Add new table as calender - add columns as year, Month, Monthnumber, Weekday, Weeknumber and Quarter. format the data as date format. month sortby monthnumber and week sortby weekday. connect the date with salesdate in model data
8). create a new table called calculation table 
9). Create measure as kpi names as : Revenue, Transaction, Cost of good sold, Quantity Sold, Profit and Total Customer
10). Create a folder in model as measure 01
11). New Card is used for thevisualisation of all the KPIs 
12). I want to change the name and add month name as well while i switch between the data of different month. so create a dynamic name by creating new measure 
13). Create new measures: as title Quantity, Revenue, Profit, total cogs. 
14).  Create a new measure for previous month quantiy, sales,profit and cogs.
15). all the refrence are also Dynaic in Prev Measure. 
16). Add Dynamic Up OR Down Arrow as Its Value Changes called as variance.
17). apply formating for good visualisation and merger both the prev value and variance on a single card then apply the arrow function all feature works dynamically and changes color according to the change in the value.
18).  create a ppt file and edit as background theme which look better and reflect clear picture of the story which our data have. 
19). Performance of Top and Bottom Drugs.  
20). Create a Parameter as Top/Bottom Drugs with value of 1 to 
21). Create a measure as Drug Dynamic Top/Bottom : which calculate dynamic topn/Bottm
22). Create a new Parameter as Switch Dynamic Top and Bottom. 
23). Create a new Measure as Active measure and select all the kpis. 
24). create  a new Measure as Drug Dynamic Measure                             
25). Create a new Measure as Dynamic Measure.
 26). Create a new measure as Title : which is dynamic in nature and use as tiltle for top and bottom value.
27). Format the active measure as per theme.
28). Create a new %Top Drug as it shows the value of selected filter wise percent data. 
29).  Create a new measure name as title which inclue Top/Bottom Slide, active measure and switch top and bottom drugs 
30). set the formating part as per theme and make it perfectly aligned with the other part.
31). Create measure named: %Top Drugs and %Bottom Drugs
32). Create a new measure as a Combined measure of % Top And %Bottom Drugs it chnages as per filter option selecteed.
33). Create a new measure as Top Drugs value and Bottom Drugs Value which can be used at bottom and changes when we slelect the filter feature. 
34).  Use a Text Box a create a Dynamic Caption which is placed at the bottom of the table. 
35). Create a new Measure as Customer Dynamic Top/Bottom Measure. 
36). Create a Switch Parameter for the switch between top and bottom customer. 
37). Create a new measure  Top And bottom % of customer
38). For bottom caption section we create two new parameter as Top value and bottom value of the customer. 
39) Create  Button as Open Filter and Close
40). Link the button with created bookmark for open/close  of a filter. 
